Replace racially charged terminology in docs (#1282)
nginxinc/kubernetes-ingress: docs-web/installation/installation-with-helm.md

     - Set the port where the NGINX stub_status or the NGINX Plus API is exposed.
     - 8080
   * - ``controller.nginxStatus.allowCidrs``

>      - Allowlist IPv4 IP/CIDR blocks access to NGINX stub_status or the NGINX Plus API. Separate multiple IP/CIDR by commas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Add IPv4 IP/CIDR blocks to the allow list for NGINX stub_status or the NGINX Plus API. Separate multiple IP/CIDR by commas.
```
